[Music]
the debate the debate of the
rodinger kitten well javi they uploaded a video
attacking t and defending the sre I
don't know what you're talking about it's that they send me
random videos a lot and here it's
over promoting channels that
shamelessly start looking for the mouth to
advertise serrano okay no if you want to
send me something privately don't put it
on my tracksuit today not the versions in el
chavo that I have no [ __ ] idea
who is talking to me
we're not going to see the debate that he had the clash
with the rodríguez kitten I ask you to
see the video that I uploaded the main channel
and tell me how it goes by the way it
looks like the main or lift
what is that called to revive the
dead not from
[Music] we
were
there we are look at the comment that
someone puts me writing
more or less how I was visiting this
main
and says javi continue send me the thing about arantxa
send layden please the d auro and london
put me some comments javi you  that
you would like to be in his position to have his
fame and money with everyone
well his fame no the fame of the crash I don't
want it he doesn't have a very good reputation right now
but if he earns the same from the crash
like that but the people that are here let's see there are a
lot of people who justify the crash
what he said there are
a lot of people who justify what he
said
and look this is the level of people who
justify what he did the crash
could almost
well almost was intoxicated
with the intoxication I would say the following
but you voluntarily intoxicate yourself and
then someone takes advantage
and they are not taking advantage of you because
you voluntarily after intoxicated so
stop saying rape [ __ ]
when you don't have a [ __ ] clue what it is you
don't have a [ __ ] idea of ​​what
those who are in charge explained to us
the fault lies with the one who is the one
taking the drink let's see for more for more
drinks obviously nobody wants to
stay
I understand that nobody
when it comes to drinks I
understand that nobody wants to stay like
too high that it gets out of
hand there is
a moment when it gets a
little bit too far I already tell you I have never lived
no matter how much I have lived  I never remain
conscious or like I'm not
aware of what I'm doing, you know what I'm telling you
- the main video is worth it on the
main channel uploaded the video where he
explained what taking advantage is, what
taking advantage is not according to the definitions
of the rivals please ability
minutes this person juarros always is
that if we put it like this we don't give two
minutes to anyone because it's that
almost all the characters we talk about here
are strangers nothing said the same thing that I
explain the
same thing like the same name you told me
they need to ask what is so short the
skirt let's see the real story before
before seeing the debate that I have not
seen in the real story it is surely not
as it was interpreted the real story
will be that the guy who is
not seen does not sound good anyway
but well
the real story will be that the guy does
not drink and flirts at the club
that today the girls are drunk the
move inside having
individually living each story
can be it may be wrong or not, for
example if I go out and I'm not
drunk and I am and flirting and there is a
girl who during the night
gets more drunk or whatever hey
third do
n't forget air
the third
latency understands me the move is not that it is
third that does not sentence the move is
that according to how he told the crash it
seemed like he had a friend whose name is
was a [ __ ] crack words of the crash and
that he had a trick case call that he
spoke of the word true case as if he
had taken the girls out not the true
case to flirt that he had was that he was not
drunk because he does not drink
and according to how he told it it seemed like he went to the
house
looking for girls who were drunk
so that he would not have it easier he
spoke perfectly and the girls ate it all up don't [ __ ] with me the problem is how he tells it the crash I don't know how you can explain that much is not produced how you can tell that better but well let's imagine that he wants to express okay okay let's trust that he has
expressed himself badly
look man I have said it in my video okay
if a woman is too drunk you have to
help her get home well you
have to help them get home well
if they don't want to accompany her you give her a
taxi okay you take her home
call how tacky you should not have or  not having to like that
so there's
nothing wrong with that
because the drunk car pondering
is drunk and I don't drink what do I do but
no, it's not that I'm drunk it's
something that you go flirting see one that
you like start to establish a combination with her
thanks dani
and within the polar night girl
the level is going up of being drinking
soup or whatever okay
now that she puts it like she chooses
drunk exactly how she can throw you
according to what she says the crash
looks for drunks
that a trick also it's a trick case
I hope it's that I don't know how you can tell
that in a way that they are being taken out of
context the truth
is not that the message that is not necessary I
need it I want to tell him worse I
thought he wanted to give it's not that you don't
need to drink to have a good time and the
way he says it not knowing is that he
says that he is a failure that he is a [ __ ]
boss and that in troubled waters everything is
profit take me away man you do not improve
how disgusting do
not [ __ ] with me by justifying that
brave trick that no and besides he says no no
and on top of that the guy throws the  anger at
the others who have
interpreted it wrong
oh of
course because we more
interpreted that the guy takes advantage
to take advantage is to take advantage the
word itself says it is to benefit
from a situation and you're telling me that
your friend benefits from the fact that he's not
drunk and the other one is since this one is
expensive no god such a face no debate
because gosh have the cat what a cat the
cat there are always people who are capable of
going to misinterpret the points messages
that you are good I'm going to call the leisure
for the boys and we'll talk alkmaar
there will be a guy who is in tune with the cat for
getting on to debate with her on her tweet
okay already the cat I showed it today in my
video on the main channel look at it no me
from the cat session none because I already
know how it lengthens rates and the cat t the
cat is against roma gallardo of
HIV de jong of iker jiménez of I don't know
who of I don't know how much and a
debate is uploaded with them let's go top up and that
objectifies I don't know what and recorded an
interview with our daddy what happens
next  our dad didn't post it but
come on now
the cat ran and deleted the tweet because it was because it was because it was
the choca
because it was the choque everyone knows
licks his feet of choca it was always like that
the rate was always like that it
was always like that
- from jordi is tall with jordi
real collaborations he is always
look on the internet continue the soap opera with the
internet yes okay and the cat still has a
public tweet if he doesn't delete it today
after my video on the main channel
the cat has a public tweet today that
says that na inda reig and he
cheated on his girlfriends to rape them I do
n't know if those are the literal words but
something like that he cheated on them and said I don't know what
in how much
when the kid is already claiming one
thing when the kid has already been
acquitted
look for it on my main channel what was posted
the tweet
said that part of the trick was to become
friends with the waitress I never understood
why thoughtful face no matter how
many turns and explanations they
give him the socas the way he told the
story is disgusting
I don't see a way to see it well but
well let's assume  wrong and
telling him this was wrong and that the friend can
hook up with a normal girl as with a
drunk girl as with one who isn't because he
told it as if the friend was looking for
drunk girls
oh
what I'm telling you
no, I didn't understand what about the waitress is that
comparing it to the subject of the waitress that he
is saying about the comments the
example that he gave him of the waitress who
became friends with the waitresses had
nothing to do with what he said then he
clashes with me that he could be friends with the waitress if we start chatting with her or doing what she supports the waitress is not going to be drunk she is working so that a waitress takes a shot or something like that the thing about the waitress that they put in the
chat they didn't have
exactly placed I don't
understand how
hello
I think I called you normal but no I can't
see you at a business
now
okay now yes she is
listening general
of the shadows
okay there she was
welcome Rocío Rohlinger who is
good put of no tweet about the
subject and that I wanted to believe it was important to
invite her so that have a point of
view and another point of view with which to be
able  debate about the topic that I think
is a very important topic, a
very
interesting topic to debate about
publicly, I think that giving voice to these types
of situations is good but to the
situations that are really like this
then well how are you
welcome I hope you are well well well
well I'm well and of course yes
evidently me too what I think
is that at least we should get
something constructive out of this no because in the
end well it's very easy
so to speak to smoke on twitter or post
a string of tweets and do yes
second ah
that that cat of
that schrödinger's cat
comes to tell you that it's very easy to play
on twitter and that she's against of
course I throw bits because you hit
popper with a chair in the light and that it hit it
badly or you know it's crazy you don't have to
have the huge ones you
have to have the huge ones you have to have the
huge ones
but if you participate in all the ways
girl
and statements but of course coming here to
debate and debate about a topic that is
so important and at the same time delicate that I
understand that it touches on many sensitivities
and therefore I also understand
your anger in  a certain way if it is not what I
intended is to say that it has been
interpreted that way because if they
also accuse me of promoting something and
I really was not doing it because I would have
also been angry obviously but
also
before listening a little and
I want this right
because I was too but also that you
understand that the interpretation that could be
done from tweet is perhaps not the best and
okay it is true that it is part of a let's
go for a while much clearer that
we are talking about something that is very
important for the kids which is
the fact that we live in an
over-alcoholic society kids are so
over-alcoholic and they do not have the
perception that they can go out if it is not
for alcohol and there I agree with you 100% and I
am data that with you but I also think
that perhaps it is the message that you gave that is the one
that has been finalized and that has
created all the controversy that if it had been
said in another way then perhaps it would
not have been so controversial
javi use the rae when they look at you what
are you talking about Carlos what are you doing what's
wrong with you Carlos what the [ __ ] are you trying to
throw in my face the stupid dick who
came with the third definition  of the rai
with autism that I wasn't using that's
what you're trying to throw
in my face you also what you're
comparing it with you you're fine with what you
're comparing they want to upload them and
apply it to me
that's what you're comparing
and I am true or rather the cat is
justifying or rather because this is this
debate it is right after it is right after
the
apologies of the choca because he didn't
apologize for anything or rather in fact what he
does that
is the right before this is what
comments or main channel today it is
just what he does before this is the
scolding of the people or rather he
scolds the people for what he has
said because it is the people who
interpret it wrong yolanda thank you very much
sweetheart
this is a crack
and even so liga you have a [ __ ] great time
and he does everything [ __ ] great but of course when
saying waste there is a kid who is a
trick that he pretends that he doesn't drink okay because he doesn't drink that has
already been made clear
that they don't drink not because he wants to
take advantage of the girls but they don't drink because they do
n't drink but of course then you comment
and what he does is well  he takes a girl who is
high and if they kill the
next ones but the fact is that he does not study
relative the problem is that I have not
used him as a person who is
completely up to date, used
with the argument that everyone is
blind at night so if a guy
is without drinking in a bar with his
friends having a [ __ ] great time sees a
girl that he finds attractive and he
feels like talking to her goes and talks to
her and obviously she is a girl who is
probably a little drunk that's
the reality I mean but it's not because he
is hunting people who are impaired
let's see when he says a trick maybe
when he says it is a trick almost and that he picks up
girls who are high
because of course that way it is easier for him
because instead of seeing him as a 4 they see him
as a 6 and he is fine talking and they are
not so much and that way it is easier he
is not counting the same as now, I mean
the first day he was not counting the
same as now
like he did not know 11 he
is not counting the same he
is not counting the same
rocks instead of saying that he made a mistake in
the ways and that  he blamed the
people of course the messenger like
a brother-in-law no he didn't want to
tell it as a joke or whatever okay
as they pass him line but I put a
live and family that I expressed myself as an
ass
sorry that was not what he wanted to say
the reality is like that like that like that like that he doesn't have to
know but not on top of that he shits his
mothers they load the dead he
stays in everything of the people that we have
heard what we have heard is already
known
at what moment I said why do you have to
arrive with a drunk
because you do not drink can be drunk well
he is not drunk no
already he can be drunk it may be that it
is not normal that he is not drunk that he does not drink
either no of course it is a trick but he
is not hunting ha ha ha
the charge is saying in your case what is it about
your case
goodbye in troubled waters all are profits
to troubled waters all are profits what
is what it means in family
go man god
chopped it is because he is feeling
attracted to a girl and goes there to
flirt with her and he told us anecdotes
that he obviously since he is
calm well he remembers many things
that  we don't remember and
just as an anecdote as something
good a guy who enjoys the night
without drinking because it is not necessary to be
completely drunk to have the
courage to be able to talk like a girl is
that I hate that [ __ ] message of I am only
brave when I am when I am
drunk no man I mean you can flirt and
have a [ __ ] great time that way
but it is true that I understand that
the message can be misinterpreted but if you read
what I have said and everything we
were talking about nobody would ever
interpret that message but of course if you
only release a clip I understand that there are
people who can keep it pay
but again we are back to the
same thing which is that no that is the message the
message is you can go out without drinking and
have a [ __ ] great time in Madrid flirt and do everything
that drunk people do next time
make a [ __ ] fool of yourself that [ __ ] guy
obviously and also being
aware in the end if you do not see you
are also in a position as I would say you
see
superiority in a certain way I do not know if it
is the correct word not before
people who are not and that in
the field of flirting is very because
obviously it is not  the same as
any person and we see two glasses
on top that we are equally in almost
full use of our faculties and
we have the capacity to give one
consent to a state in which you
are conscious and that is pure
education you know when a person is
capable of giving consent or is not
capable of ar
is giving me kringe this supposed
debate is not a debate that she has
founded it and he will know who she is and he will know
that it will be known that she now starts to
discourse with Pedro Sanchez
because this girl I do not know why she suddenly
copied a video from the daily forum and
copying a video in the gossip forum
because even if she does not have against her and I have
a fairly cordial relationship with
her we have our numbers we have
spoken water three times that we
are not colleagues and friends nothing like that
in the companion with whom I spoke
a few times but the truth was like that the
cat of en rodríguez appeared out of nowhere
with a video, I mean it was the second video
on her channel the third that was taken
from the daily forum off camera
as she is an ally girl
even if it was a controversial video that
was a criticism of how we do united to
whatever but people made that
video viral because she was a problematic girl if
Jordà had made it for the videos they wouldn't have made it they would have found
fault with the video you're already looking for
controversy I don't know that
she viewed the video the entire information
was to collect the thread from the daily forum
or in other words that same video had been made to
Jairo's blog before her it seems to me that it
was the same thing she was saying oh no what happened
before her but people like that the blog
canceled it I between them not for
Jairo we canceled it for other things but
well there she had made videos of that
ok but as it is progress and exit and I don't
know what is worth
and she has made controversial videos but I don't know
where the girl was then
everywhere on television programs
on radio programs collaborations with
[ __ ] youtubers ops she had already
copied the jokes totally okay
even the jokes from the forum that she has
copied
totally
and everywhere and suddenly nothing was she is
giving rallies in the government
she is giving talks with Pedro Sánchez no  you
ask me why behind her
videos she explained that to me but I
couldn't handle what she told me that at the end of
her videos it appeared as something funded by
the government I don't remember very strange it was
very strange what this girl did was very strange I don't
know why I don't know where she comes from I don't know
why
but it was these girls that
cut her nail
the cat of the psoe it makes me
think it makes me
think
but I listen to them intermittently because we are
going to improve that it is going to fail it
was very strange
another girl who suddenly appeared in the
service a boom then everyone
mentions it to everyone she is
controversial everyone mentions her
yes it is true that she do you remember what
happened to me no that I know that she left it she has a
red hair because
those of the course leaked it to me she has a red hair it was me
who brought it to light she
made a video of the red haired drop that
then she deleted it I don't know if she
published it again but then she deleted it
because she asked her to jota red hair and her
because someone deleted it
she in her video yes it gave me  credits
well she gave me credit things as they are
agreement I spoke to her on the phone
before she wanted that video and she gave me
credit in the video but then the cat
defends whoever interests her make a video
as much as to be an idea I don't know my
intelligence she just declared a
hunger strike she feels insulted a
kiss fra thank you very much for the super
char king
to what I was telling you that she half
credits in the video but although she
gave me credit in the video everyone
who talked about the redheaded jota
gave credit to the cats it
is the hypocrisy and the magic of here
where we are of the internet youtube of
the networks it depends on who it is javi
well it is off topic but do you know if
multi string is allowed with twitch
now because before it was a reason for vain
demonetization
but if you give me holy money and well only
on youtube it is worth it but anyway I do not
know if that message is to put it in a super
chat I think that yes he wanted to send as
notices he sends it privately he does not have a
few that do that I mean I think it
is like to put me if  I burned out on
monetizing the channel, I don't care because I don't even
have subsidiaries, they give me the
partner and nothing, that's why I do it, okay, I
listen to the views well cut,
Angelica, I think the one that is cut,
your cell phone or wherever you are,
these phones, whatever,
yes, yes, yes,
totally, totally, listen to me, what is no longer to
blame for what they did to me and they are not to
blame, but Angelica, it's that
you are the only one whose
audio cuts out, it sounds good, okay, she
hates to blame for what others then
gave credit to them, me who was the one who
brought up the subject, okay, but that's
life,
that's how it is
with feelings and any person and
then going back to the bills, I
think what happens here is that he
saw that she, he started to
cancel her on Twitter, he wanted to stop her,
maybe a drink, although she, well, if you
are the one who crashes, he deletes the tweet
and you take her to a debate that has no more, she
has to know those circumstances, we have
all slept together drunk and the
other person was also drunk and
that is not abuse or rape, it was too much
abuse, rape, it would come in at
the moment  in which you being
aware that we always have the
faculties you take advantage of the fact that the other
person is not there to gain an
advantage that you would know that at a
given moment without being in these conditions they would not
accept I understand look look what
the cat is saying that the cat is not going to
defend the position that they have to
defend look the person is capable of giving
consent or they are not capable of giving
consent and any person living
or not drinking has to know those
circumstances we have all gone to bed
drunk and the other person was also there
I also hear it intermittently bro
something is happening
getting drunk and that is not abuse or
rape
the abuse of rape would come in at
the moment in which you being
aware that we always have the
faculties you take advantage of the fact that the other
person is not there to gain an
advantage that you would know that at a
given moment without being in these conditions they would not
accept I
had heard that he said
that you take advantage
anyway that he wants to understand that he
understands that maybe
the clash is personal but what he
clashed with he said is that he took advantage
that he took advantage of the fact that it was
easier he did not say the word take advantage
because he  He says that word doesn't
mean what he said
but he crashes he said well he almost
had it easier that it was a trick that if
he was perfect and the other one calls him
handsome
life exploits them being in Osh again
Dallas every day it appears on the
health channels I
totally understand I totally understand I
agree with you but that is not what has
happened I mean what has happened is
that a person has laughed at the
situation that since he doesn't drink it is
easier but it's not that he uses not
drinking to make it easier it is but if you
said that it was a trick almost
but if you said that it is a trick
khatibi
has said that it is a trick
who everything is in the intention if you
decide one night to go out and without drinking so
that it is more likely that you can flirt
with girls I perfectly understand what you
are telling me and you are right but
this is not what has happened what has
happened is that it is a person there is a
person who does not drink because he does not feel like
drinking and it is true that he
has an advantage but he does not do it because of
having the advantage he does not flirt because of having
an advantage and he flirts because he likes to flirt
he likes  flirting with girls does it in
a healthy and positive way and it is a win
win for both but it is not a
superiority, I mean, he does not flirt because of being in
a superior position but it is that if with
the boss but yes in the click he says well of
course he is perfect for his part I do not
know how much and also if maybe the
girl if she were not drunk she would see him
as a 4 well now she sees him as a 6 he
is not telling us the same thing that he said
in the clip he
is not telling the same thing with the one with whom he
can turn him around however he wants
that he has screwed up a point but he
is not telling the same thing with the
clip it is true that he is in some
situations therefore a person who
goes out sober can flirt
how you judge the intentionality like
then how do you judge that because
maybe my colleague has lied to me or I mean
how do I know that it is true that he is
flirting with him because he feels like flirting or I mean that
is such an abstract line that I do
not even know what to say I mean
a person who does not drink will always have an advantage
and
the problem is  that you look for girls who are high that's
the problem if you spend all
night flirting with girls and when it's time to
start flirting with her the girls are
normal
problems that you look for girls who are high
if she is conscious nothing happens but
man it's a little weird let's go to the
organito
yes but there is education to know to
what extent the other person you
are with is in full use of their
faculties to
voluntarily accept with you no it's not the
same to have two or three drinks that
really screw everyone over it's that we all
go out I go out to party a lot I drink
and everything and we get drunk and
nothing happens and I know when she gave
consent but yes there are times when
guys have taken advantage of the fact that I am in
circumstances where I am not lying on the
floor but maybe we are
dancing not dancing having a good time and they take
advantage of it to do those
circumstances and that's just what I wanted to
express
lucifer thank you very much that it is a
problem that is there and that this
issue of the problem with the concept exists but
he has described a different situation he
talks about a girl who is high and with
changes in the perception of reality
literally seeing a painting  open 7
let's see if he had said a girl
with two drinks no one would have said anything
because two drinks not in drafts not the
nest drink nor three nor four
let's see if you're trying to give
a message that there's no need to drink
to have a good time because of the issue of not
drinking you don't bring up the issue of whether they're
high or not she's high yes tv
with a four out of seven sees with a stamp he
said the river was in turmoil nor true case he
still feels like a god that's why he doesn't
apologize for the whole speech and
decides to blame others using it to
kill his [ __ ] if you want to give a
message that there's no need to have a
good time then you just take it and say I
have a friend that we're all
drunk and the guy is always the one who
drives the car and always remembers
everyone he tells us the anecdotes of the
next one and the guy has a great time all
night and flirts not flirted what it is do you
understand if the message is that the
issue of not drinking doesn't talk about girls
drunk sounded drunk he messed
up he messed up
feeling so to speak from something that
seems like a  [ __ ] for many but they
touch you without your consent nightclub he
touched you in the ass which is doing good to
you that they are behind you all the time all
that is an issue of education so
important that is why this type of
messages extraction is a pain because
to produce thank you very much king and
welcome to my weapon olé olé your ball
how I did that is done from here in a
minute and yes what
is a pain in the ass for you because it is a mega
controversy that in the end does not do justice to
what you really wanted to say but of
course this also helps us to see the
basic problem that we have that is why I
am inviting you are being invited
precisely so that you give this point of
view because I think it is important and I
think it is a good way to raise
awareness in people so that they do not
behave like [ __ ] [ __ ] at
night because it is true that it is a
vomitous navy behavior or rather
when a guy is a girl harmed and
such and a guy starts to man or rather it makes
me want to punch him it is
that I do not feel like doing anything else but
that people have used my argument
to defend  that outrage is [ __ ]
crazy but that's why I invited you I
invited you because I think that from the
controversy we can get something positive which
is the message that people should
never behave in such
despicable ways now we'll see how we
live God and who is the cat the
cat that has to give you the blessing
that the cat has the cat in which she has to
approve
if you're going to be a reality or you're not going to be a
reality it's that these
[ __ ] nonsense inspire me God
screws it up or the guy loads them because he'll think that it
was funny to tell it like that and the
boxes of points are
expensive because you don't realize that
when you're on a live stream for 8 hours and
next week the clash to screw it
up again and again to ask not to ask for
forgiveness not to justify yourself the
next day the dead
people who canceled it will be left behind and this will be an
endless story because people are
idiots because if people weren't
idiots and this guy didn't have 30 thousand
subscribers
and he gave him a stroke of humility this guy would
n't load it  next week but
this guy the cow next week
this type of next week is going to say
something stupid again because because you are
8 hours live 9-10 11-12
whatever and he lets loose because you ca
n't play a role for 12 hours
you see or lucifer speak but that's not what
happened nor is it what my friend did we
used it as let's say a catalyst
but that's not the case because what my
friend did was not that either my friend
arrived early because he's a flirt the
place he's in shape is a guy who
does sports and his uncle who felt like it and
liked to flirt but but if you said
in the clip it's that I'm getting
black life must but if he said in the
clip that if it weren't because he was going to get high they would
see him as a 4 just
by using the see but the liver
because that's how he is he likes to do it I wouldn't
do it even if I'm drunk because I'm not like that
that depends on the because it's Christmas
then it's that he won't continue to
screw us over and everyone will continue to
justify and defend him total he is a is
very  unfair but that's why I invited you
so you could give your point of view because I
think it's an important topic and a
hot topic, just
the issue of interpretation is that
I understand that it is complex to
also have that exercise of saying [ __ ] yeah
maybe I don't express it or rather I don't
want to be in public on this topic of the
minute the context has ended but yes to
say yes maybe the issue of if maybe it doesn't
precede them the best way and it could be
interpreted that it's a trick not to drink
to take advantage of girls who have
drunk, right? Because he says it because he
literally says it because he
says it
new because they are not into him because he generates 150
thousand bucks a month okay because maybe he did
lucifer thank you very much friends that can be
interpreted of
course it can't be
interpreted that he says it that it ca
n't be interpreted that he says it
I curse my existence
that it's not that it can be interpreted it's that he
says it is
shocking to denounce the prisoner to the press
look at Bruce look
when she is when
she was debating she put the
mode in a motel yes or quite
representative that it shocks to invite a
woman to a talk about abuse and I have to
set the mode  of nicknames because it is not
a safe space for her
when I went out with my friends when I was young
partying I would drink soccer if I made friends
with the waitresses that's a mess that's
your house and a lot of interpreting you see
people like that I have friends who don't drink
and who were very good at going to flirt with
the girls and who also had a
lot of fun taking girls who were really
high and such that they were
dancing I don't know what and he wasn't
high
let's use it
when taking girls who were really high
and such that they were already dancing with
us
people so I have friends who don't
drink
and who were very good at going to flirt with
the girls and who also had a
lot of fun taking girls who were really
high and such they had a lot of fun it's that
nothing is taken out of context cat
said what she said and there is no way to
misinterpret how angry face they had
a lot of fun taking girls who
were high like the one who  have fun
playing bowling dancing I don't know what and
ours has placed this is the ballet
of the very easy league for him it was very
easy it is a benefit cat it
is a benefit
for a girl a girl who would generally
see you as a 4 sees you as a 7 because she
is placed the same as you
so there is no way to hold the
clicker there is no way to hold the
click
that a girl who would see you as a
473 is much easier and you are also
calm you measure your words perfectly
sucked instead of being on top he is
calm measure your word sucked
come on god what are you
multiplying here
where is the bad way where is
the good way to express yourself and tell
this
how could we tell this in a good way
and falling you cost the columns
then of course and the drink some nice ones
such and to take it up the ass and my [ __ ]
mother went out to flirt went out with us and
will continue with a girl always a crack
he always arrived at narón colleagues not just
one
no here they already speak singular always
flirted always of course always
super pro another case for series the
truth or rather  an outstanding the truth
of [ __ ] pro ski point but all the
troubled waters fishermen's profit
to troubled waters fishermen's profit
of course the troubled waters are the
drunk aunt and the fisherman is the friend who is
not drunk come on come on
come on what would have
said this the dallas the nine right him
even if he opened or some of these some
facts that are
sworn each life
let's imagine hate
that this would have said it is had alan
and
this is said by someone who is not the choca or
someone from the group and go on he has to
go internet
wow wow wow let
's go
to the sale with the pride there is no
way
man is that yes what crime no or no
crime no because of course you can be
drunk but it does not mean that you are
unconscious but I get murky what he
says about the friend not that he is looking for he is
a fisherman that you are only looking for
drunk wings that he is not telling anything else
the fish asia of fishermen of [ __ ]
marks
here at no time he is saying
well that he can hook up with a drunk
for one night drunk he
is telling you that it is a propose his
case he can turn him around however he wants it is that
I  no matter what there is half an
hour before half an hour after the
happy this is that I don't care
the one that I don't care
interpreted that really is
completely wrong with my message I
mean that wasn't the message come on but
maybe
tell you time if maybe I didn't express it I mean I do
n't want to be in a loop with this
issue of minutes finished context but yes
say yes maybe the issue of if maybe I didn't
express it in the best way and it could be
interpreted that it's a trick not to drink
to take advantage of girls who have
drunk okay because maybe
that can be interpreted
interpreted that really is
completely wrong with my message I
mean they are not you said he said of the one who
interpreted that you [ __ ] on his [ __ ]
mother
and that he is a son of a [ __ ] that is what he
said of the street interpreted
that really he gave himself
until when I say
until when god
wasn't that the message come on but maybe it is that
the problem of talking for
so many hours is that many times the
messages do not come out with the
correct words always even if you want to
send a positive and good message like
the one I have sent
the message can be misinterpreted because I have not
used the exact words all the time
to define exactly what you
want to say then it's that it's
constantly living with a [ __ ] magnifying glass dude with
a magnifying glass that's projecting the sun in
a super strong way on top of me from
my almond then it's that it's very
difficult it's that it's not possible it's not possible it's not
even possible to send such a
good and positive message with which I was
trying to send it can be sent because if I
fail the one that is not a positive message
that if you want to talk about how you can
see one passing by one can have a good time
without drinking then tell that you can have a
good time if you see me
and that you can [ __ ] and you can go by car
and you can come back whenever you want and that you don't
dry up the stairs of the disco and that you do
n't gain weight because you don't drink co you can
say a million things
but what counted as a joke was the
fact that you could take advantage and
benefit from the fine leader and the
tender ones
period and that it always arrived because it was
easy suck or profit from fishermen
man already man
already man
the precision of some movement of
saying that a guy is a crack for going out and
flirting and behaving [ __ ] great without
drinking becomes a crack  because he
abuses someone like he abuses
someone how am I going to say that nonsense it does
n't make any sense but yes I
should have used other words from
what I see no I'm not as good a speaker
as I wanted to be because sometimes I fail
sometimes no I don't say the perfect words
all the time it's that no I don't understand it I
really don't understand after the
message sent I did delete the tweet I mean
yes dare I still think that that
behavior not the one that no the one that your
colleague does flight or at least the one that
people have dirty his positive message we have
Jesus already we the
positive messages days it
was wrong that your colleague does but yes
that that type of behavior is a
rape culture and it is a problem
that we have and that I continue to live with it and at
29 years that I have I continue to live with it
weekend after weekend of parties
the clubs in the pubs etcetera
etcetera if you delete it because I told you to
and I still think that it is very complicated
nowadays you deleted it because it was the
clash to
have an exit from everything I did not vote nor would I
delete it in exchange in fact our
collaboration  have a super
unfortunate comment without it getting out of hand to
stratospheric levels
then
I preferred to do it in a more
constructive way and that it serves so that
also [ __ ] that in the end a lot of young people see you
well in general there are a lot of
young people on social networks who are giving their
opinion and it also makes me very sad to read
certain comments on twitter that I have
read because on the one hand
if you look at the last apologies from the socas
they are in the gossip video and it is a little
more sincere but after all this
[ __ ] and ways of wanting to see
people's faces I no longer believe anything that is not
vine that dismo always does the same
the victimization of the cat that there is no lack of
opinion on the crazy tweet of l
and lqs of this I bet
freedom of what is now
with you
if a drunk person can give their
consent to another drunk person they
can also give it to a sober one
because you already know you have already demonstrated in
the first point that yes the course can be given
the issue is to take advantage of the day
if you go drunk both of them go with the
drunkenness
but this  part is not about being drunk it
is about what point of drunk
the point that is criticized
is funny like for the progressives the
bad guy of the story
who at the beginning says colleagues in plural
then only talks about one
already already but I think that one does not
see all murderers to invent the
story
the point
with the opinion of freedom of
opening the point is drunk I can
be normal
I can be normal I
can be calm and not flirt with a
drunk girl yes but the drunk girl
who is aware of what she is doing I
think that is noticeable that is the point
no
but one thing that you that this is the
same as with the catv vip blame
people for your screw up well you come out again
half apologizing for the pressure on
networks but one thing is that to
flirt with someone who goes around
drunk but you know that you are conscious
and that you want to do what it takes to
endorse the problem is that the problem that
is already murky in itself the fact that
you every night go to the
girls' house drunk
your past is following and the latest
news about like this is that not only
some people on twitter have
complained about the behavior  of the clash
action that also played the minister gave
an opinion on this and mentioned the
following but we can realize
that there are people who still do not notice the
problem of this situation that
someone if he or she is drunk or drunk then he or she
can not give because they owe them thanks
to the cat and aso angry shell
call now let's see what Juan did if I don't
forget but listen to me two
drunk people go both drunk and do
whatever no but the things that you
are taking advantage of is because you are in
full possession of your faculties and look for a
drunk because that way you will have it
easier I think that the difference also does not
need to be explained much does not
need to be explained you
know this is clear evidence that
the problem continues and that the
talks that are being made and the speech that has been
made in recent months
and recent years is not being and the
rest of the youtuber not a mention are
well you stay the same as
always Ireland because it just
happened to khatib and now they are not going to
cancel it for this again, I mean it is
not something that is left over or it is not something that does
not have any kind of importance  there are
people like chocas obviously who do
n't notice any of the problem with this over
time we see this Juan's opinion I
see it then it's worth
millions of followers on twitter he has
closer to a million followers on
instagram and with check in
what are the tricks that
he and his friends are giving to be
able to flirt with controversial women
statements in which he says that his
friends had fun taking high girls
let's get them drunk what's that for
sasha chocas well he half
apologized because he said that it could be
misinterpreted but that it's
his fault because in fact he said it
with bad words with which it
could be misinterpreted and the thing is that in his
apologies yesterday in the same
chocas he had mentioned that we had
misunderstood him well it
turns out that what I think that
taking advantage of or rather at what moment of my
arguments the color at what moment of
my speech god of the center taking advantage of
is very negative despite the fact that my
message was good it is true that I did not
choose the correct words dude I was watching it
again watching everything without context
just watching the clip  watch the clip
trying to understand and speak I fit like a
man it is very unfortunate the comment look how
good the
idea is and see how good the message I
wanted to talk about [ __ ] I have a
friend who is going
abroad was the word of god look how
good it was look how good the only thing you
are saying is that it is okay not to
drink alcohol
or rather don't get too high with
look
at the only thing that people were saying that
was not giving
advice that was not going to work and with
that the kids directly go to
get their degree with you with your message
the [ __ ] Madrid partner even if he doesn't drink he has a
[ __ ] great time in the league and it is
great you have no reason to feel bad
for not drinking the message is really good really
positive [ __ ] I said it in the worst
way mate I said it sounding like my
friend is a hunter as if I were
applauding a guy who goes and no guy he is
a [ __ ] great guy who simply
but the truth is [ __ ] the words I
used were bad I could have
said it in a much more
correct and much more pleasant way which is the
real  which is a good and positive message
of [ __ ] don't feel bad porn porn
watch porn get high dude it's okay then
enjoy the night flirt have a good time
alone with friends hang out
here dude and [ __ ] great socialize a
little and you don't need to have placed
the lack that you should or he can be a little high
from seeing your couple of drinks you know
but he doesn't need to have more than nine
drinks is the message and [ __ ] the truth is
that I said it in a shitty way dude at least at least
guys that the people
who see me know that the message was
good because you've seen the voice and
you know that the baby is not even
Jesus Christ
nobody defines anyone drunk as
high look there are ways to say it
the guy said that he was referring to high at
night
is that I can't find the way to tell that
well you say that the way of telling it
is unfortunate because the reality was
better I don't know what is the way to tell
what is thrown
requires and is going to defend what requires
defended in fact that
in fact he defended her
save this clip family 15 days
15th day again
[Music]